fix!: Migrate to STORAGES from DEFAULT_FILE_STORAGE (#65)
overhangio/tutor-minio: changelog.d/20250917_111934_abdul.rehman02_migrate_to_storages.md

> - [Fix!] Migrate from using DEFAULT_FILE_STORAGE to STORAGES. (by @rehmansheikh222)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 💥[Bugfix] Migrate from using DEFAULT_FILE_STORAGE to STORAGES as part of the major Django 5.2 upgrade in Open edX. (by @rehmansheikh222)
```
